CARBON_HOME/repository/conf directory contains all the Carbon configuration files

1. axis2.xml
   The Apache Axis2 configuration file. Apache Axis2 is used at the core
   of WSO2 Carbon.

2. carbon.xml
   The Carbon server configuration file

3. mime.types
   Defines MIME types to file extension mappings.

4. README
   This file

5. registry.xml
   The Carbon registry configuration file. This will be used when the WSO2
   Embedded Registry is used.

6. synapse.xml
   The Apache Synapse configuration file. This will be used if Apache Synapse
   or WSO2 ESB related Carbon components are deployed.

7. mgt-transports.xml
   Used in standalone mode to configure HTTP/S transports for the Carbon management console

8. user-mgt.xml
   The User Manager configuration file used for configuring user management
   details.

9. wrapper.conf
   The Java Service Wrapper (JSW) configuration file. JSW is used for running
   Carbon as a Unix daemon or Windows NT service.

10. secret-conf.properties
   The Secret Manager Configuration that is used by secret vault component

11  cipher-text.properties
   File based secret repository 

12. embedded-ldap.xml
   This file contains necessary configurations to control the behavior of embedded LDAP. 
   You may use this file to enable, disable LDAP server, change connection password etc ...
   In addition to embedded-ldap server configurations, this file also has Kerberos KDC
   (Key Distribution Center) specific configurations.
   If you want to change ports for Embedded LDAP server and KDC server, change them in carbon.xml.
   (Ports/EmbeddedLDAP section).

13. ports-config.xml
    This file will be used during starting of multiple instances of the same installation.Here
    users can specify the ports configuration for each instance so that avoid ports conflicts.
    For each instance you can specify nio ports (http and https ports) and management console ports
    (http and https). If you are going to start number of instance you can simply give a ports
    range so carbon framework will pick ports from this given range.

14. cache.xml
    This file contains configuration related to the caching implementation in Carbon. The default
    cache manager used by Carbon is Infinispan. And, it can operate in several modes, such as local,
    distributed, or replicated. The cache manager is run in the local mode by default, and it is
    recommended to use the distributed mode or cluster and cloud deployments.

15. ports-config.xml
    This includes port configurations on Carbon server when deployed as an web app.  This file will be
    used during the startup of multiple instances of the same installation.Here users can specify the
    ports configuration for each instance so that avoid ports conflicts.For each instance you can 
    specify nio ports (http and https ports) and management console ports (http and https). If you are 
    going to start number of instance you can simply give a ports range so carbon framework will 
    pick ports from this given range.

16. tomcat-users.xml
    This is the standard tomcat-users.xml file which can be used for definig users & roles. This
    is applicable to webapps only, and will be used only if the Security/TomcatRealm entry in the
    carbon.xml is set to Memory.

17. jgroups-s3_ping-aws.xml
    This is the JGroups configuration that's to be used in a Amazon EC2 deployment. The JGroups
    Group Communication library is used by the Infinispan Cache Manager.

